Linus's Homework

Question 1
What is 2 + 2?

4
Question 2
What is the opposite of Black?

White

Question 3
What is the 2 * 3 * 6 * 1 * 10 * 34?

12240

Question 4
What does HTML stand for?

Hyper Text Markup Language

Question 5
What is CSS useful for?

Making a website look how we want it to look and format all elements on the website

Question 6
Using CSS, how would I select every <h1> tag on the page?

+h1 {

}

Question 7
What is JavaScript?

A text-based programming language used to make webpages interactive. 

Question 8

What three problem does Git & Github solve?
Helps to develop codes, share, and store codes and work on it in the team and improve code looking for bugs and correcting code errors.

Question 9
What happens when you fork a repository?

When you ‘fork’ repository you copy it to your GitHub and you can work on it on your end making changes to it. 

Question 10
What happens when you clone a repository?

By cloning repository, you are downloading it to your device from website like GitHub or other.

Question 11
What is a Pull Request?

It is an event where people can inform and show changes and improvements made to the existing code in repository on GitHub.

Question 12

What is the Git History log?
It lets you see into the past changes and modifications made to the repository.

Question 13
What does it meant to "push" changes to Github?

You send the changes of your local repository to Github

Question 14
What is Github?

A place for us to store and share our code and collaborate with other coders around some projects. 

Question 15
What does it mean to "Commit your changes"?

It means to save your changes to the local repository on your personal computer. 

Question 16
What program do we use to write code at CodeYourFuture?

Visual Code Studio

Question 17
What do you use "Commit Messages" for?

Commit command is used to record the changes in repository and message describes these changes and explains what and why was changed. 

Question 18
GitHub Documentation: https://docs.github.com/en
